INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
    '', 
    '', 
    '', 
    '', 
    '', 
    , 
    '');


INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) VALUES ('WHAT IS THE FORTNITE PLAYER COUNT IN 2021?', 'Fortnite has been a huge success since launching, attracting record player numbers and bringing in a lot of revenue for Epic games. Just how many players are actually behind this wild success though?', 'At certain times since release, Fortnite has had a pretty impressive player base. A lot of people wonder about the exact size of the Fortnite player count. It seems like the game is incredibly popular, although there’s often a feeling that it is past its peak. \nMost game developers rarely release this kind of information. There is an exception to this though, every now again Epic release some very specific data on the Fortnite player base. This is typically when the player base or active players reaches some kind of all-time high. We can figure out a bit of a bigger picture of the player count from this data and some other sources. While it is sometimes decreasing, the Fortnite player count in 2021 is still impressive.\n HOW MANY PEOPLE PLAY FORTNITE?\nEpic Games doesn’t give entirely frequent or accurate pictures of how many people play Fortnite. We do have some metrics and measurements though for how many active players Fortnite has.\nThe first is the total amount of active accounts. We know that Fortnite had over 125 million players within a year of its release.  It also seems that the total number of registered numbers is up to 350 million registered users. That is around 4% of the world’s population. Something about that fact probably doesn’t seem right though, does it? That’s because registered users are a pretty bad measure of the Fortnite player count.\nThe total registered users is just the total number of accounts created. This is by no means one per person. Lots of people have access to more than one Fortnite account, created accidentally or sometimes on purpose. On top of, if you’re wondering is Fortnite loosing players then this is a factor too. Registered accounts aren’t necessarily in use.\nEven among big figures in Fortnite like the best Fortnite streamers or the top Fortnite pro players, have operated quite a few accounts under their own name. It might be against the rules, but that rule-breaking can be pretty brazenly flouted. Some players even start up a new account frequently to have a quick match with a lobby full of bots to practice. So registered users aren’t a particularly helpful measure of how many people are actually playing.\nIn terms of how many are actually active and playing, there were 12.5 million playing concurrently in 2019. Fortnite’s best ever month for player count was in 2018, when 78 million were actively playing in August. Additionally, back in December 2020, over 15.3 million players united to beat Galactus in a single-day event.', '2021-05-14 00:00:00', 'fortnite-player-count-number-of-players.jpg', 10, 'Rick Yesta');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) VALUES ('BEST SNIPERS IN WARZONE – THE FIVE BEST SNIPERS FOR YOUR WARZONE LOUDOUTS', 'Here is our take on the best snipers in Warzone, where we break down what’s the best sniper in warzone for the average COD operator.', 'The best snipers in Warzone may often be an elaborate topic for all you Call of Duty (COD) fans out there. After all, it’s more than just crowning the highest damage weapons as the best snipers on warzone. Various factors can come into play, such as effective range, scope control and even bullet velocity, per se.\nAX-50 – THE BIG DADDY\nAs its nickname suggests, the AX-50 lives up to its name as a deadly sniper rifle in the right hands. A headshot from this bad boy can guarantee a confirmed kill, putting the enemy forces at a massive disadvantage.\nCoupled with its decent mobility, it’s not as punishing as the other options on the list for the high damage output. Ideally, you would want to be using the AX-50 at mid-range clashes, where it’s most effective. Although it does suffer from inaccurate aim down sights, this can be conveniently improved with attachments such as a Stippled Grip Tape, Tac Laser, and Singuard Arms Assassin.\nThe sniper role may often be synonymous with camping solo, but the AX-50 is built for more aggressive scenarios. Another reliable yet neglected alternative to mid-range combat is the SPR-208, which only a handful of seasoned players consider a deadlier Warzone sniper rifle.\nHDR – THE CLASSIC AWP\nFor the traditional sniper players, the HDR brings the nostalgic feel of what sniper rifles should deliver. A devastating shot at a very long distance is achievable with the HDR since it has one of the most extended ranges.\nWhile longer range leads to poor damage drop-off, the Monolithic Suppressor and 26.9” HDR Pro barrel attachments provide desirable countermeasures. Furthermore, using the higher-calibre FMJ bullets will provide improved bullet penetration, leaving no safe spots for enemies.\nYet, all these perks come at only the cost of mobility, so some map awareness will come in handy. Knowing when the enemy is approaching close and navigating a new viewpoint will be critical for sneaky long-ranged shooters.\nKAR98K – IF SNIPERS WERE MELEE WEAPONS\nPerhaps standing still during the entire match isn’t your cup of tea, and you had rather be bumping into foes at every corner. Then, the KAR98K is your go-to for its quick scoping tactics.\nThe KAR98K recently received buffs, where it can effectively deliver confirmed headshot kills. This makes it quite literally a pocket sniper rifle, which you can use aggressively. Considering its close-range benefits, KAR98K’s damage drop-off is not negligible, so the Monolithic Suppressor will offer some decent range.\nNonetheless, it’s still a sniper rifle that relies on one’s good aim, which is to consistently blow the enemy’s head. Aiming anywhere else, protected by armor, will not only result in an unfatal shot but provide enemies some breathing room to flunk you out.\nZRG 20MM – THE SNIPER MINIGUN\nThere’s definitely no denying that the vast majority of COD player base loves close-range combat. Hence, another good close-range alternative is the ZRG 20MM, notably for featuring the highest bullet velocity.\nAlongside its minimal bullet drop, we have ourselves a trendy pick among veteran COD players and newcomers alike. After all, bullet drop mechanics is presumably complicated to master and requires longer scoping periods.\nIf COD Warzone had taught us anything, it’s to rush into enemy frontlines without hesitation, so we highly recommend the ZRG 20MM for starters.\nPELINGTON 703 – YET ANOTHER ‘MELEE’ SNIPER\nLastly, the Pelington 703 serves as a solid alternative to the KAR98K for aggressive adversaries. It utilizes fast scoping, which with some practice, can work like clockwork at consistently sending out shots.\nAs aforementioned, you should play around corners and close combat so that you get the perks from using the Pelington 703 for such scenarios. Now that we depicted the Pelington 703 as a quick loading rifle, the best attachments would be the 27.2” Combat Recon and Infiltrator Grip, which improves bullet speed and overall movement speed, making you a speed demon in the match.\nWe briefed about the best sniper Warzone has to offer, it’s time to put them to the test. Do note that while these may be popular picks among COD players, there are still a vast array of weapons. So really, whatever secures you the most headshots would be your best snipers in Warzone to pick up.', '2021-07-27 00:00:00', 'Warzone-Sniper.jpg', 15, 'Rick Yesta');


INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
    'Arcane skyrockets League’s plays on Spotify', 
    'Arcane brings an unprecedented rise for League of Legend's Spotify account.', 
    'League of Legends’ plays on Spotify in 2021 had a tremendous uptick in November and December, according to League Charts. And Riot Games and Netflix’s Arcane has its share of responsibility. While January to October had monthly play counts ranging from 65 million to 99 million, the two final months of the year showed a radical improvement over the rest of the year, based on League Charts’ data. The number of monthly streams jumped from 92 million in October to 221 million in November, when the League-inspired animated series Arcane launched. The month of December saw the highest volume of plays, rising by 100 million in just the span of a month and finishing at 327 million in total. November and December, the highest months in terms of activity, also marked the timespan for the show’s first season. The official League Spotify account sits at an impressive 26,938,790 monthly listeners. The top listened-to songs for League reinforce the idea that Arcane is responsible for this massive growth. “Enemy,” the title song for Arcane, sits at the current most popular song at 207,103,321 total plays. Other songs featured in the series, such as “Playground” and “Get Jinxed,” have also emerged among the account’s top-played songs. In addition, the Arcane soundtrack has been making the rounds on Spotify’s Top Global albums, according to SpotifyCharts, and has ranked among the most popular albums worldwide for six consecutive weeks, making the list since Nov. 25. Riot Games has substantially increased production in its music division. Outside of Arcane and League projects, Riot also began its Sessions initiative, which features fair use music inspired by characters of its games. So far with a session for Vi and Diana, the lengthy albums feature various artists and animations for their respective characters. The rise in plays for League is a testament to the growth and sustained popularity of Arcane, as well as Riot’s overall investment into music.', 
    '2022-01-02 13:59:00', 
    'MTG-Arcane-Secret-Lair.jpg', 
    9, 
    'Davide Milan');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
    'JD Gaming signs ADC Hope', 
    'Looks like JDG is getting its Hope up.', 
    'Wang “Hope” Jie will be JD Gaming’s starting ADC for the 2022 LPL Spring Split, the team revealed last night. Hope will fill the vacancy left by Lee “LokeN” Dong-wook, who left the squad earlier in the offseason. The 21-year-old bottom laner has spent the vast majority of his career with EDward Gaming, playing with the organization for almost four years. During this time, Hope often weaved in and out of the main lineup, though he primarily played on EDG’s development team, EDG Youth Team. Playing as a starter for EDward Gaming in 2020, Hope and the team found only middling results. He was a standout after returning to the organization’s development division in the LDL, despite his teams early finish in the Spring Playoffs. Hope will get another shot at the LPL main stage during the 2022 Spring Split—this time, with another team. JDG is similarly looking to rebuild after a lackluster season. They took home the 2020 LPL Spring Split Playoffs and made a decent run at Worlds 2020, but failed to rekindle that success the following year. JDG had an underwhelming playoffs run in the 2021 Spring Split and missed the playoffs altogether in the Summer Split. JDG is similarly looking to rebuild after a lackluster season. They took home the 2020 LPL Spring Split Playoffs and made a decent run at Worlds 2020, but failed to rekindle that success the following year. JDG had an underwhelming playoffs run in the 2021 Spring Split and missed the playoffs altogether in the Summer Split.', 
    '2022-01-01 10:31:00', 
    'JD-Gaming-1024x576.webp', 
    8, 
    'Davide Milan');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
    'Prime Gaming page leaks new VALORANT agent', 
    'This is a nice surprise to end the year.', 
    'VALORANT players got their first look at the upcoming agent on the VALORANT Prime Gaming loot page today, which featured an image of the new character that likely wasn’t supposed to be posted yet. A new VALORANT agent is always an exciting change since they can shake up the meta and breathe fresh life into the game. The agents are typically hinted at for months before being officially revealed, giving players Easter eggs and other cryptic hints to decipher. The next agent is confirmed to be Filipino and will likely have an electricity-based kit, according to a recent blog post. The post also showed the agent’s shoes and one of them had a streak of lightning beneath its sole. These updates gave fans a look at what’s to come without officially revealing the character, but a new Prime Gaming image has completely revealed the agent. Fans can visit the Prime Gaming VALORANT page to claim in-game items like sprays and gun buddies. But the page briefly featured an image of a never-before-seen agent today, which is likely the new agent coming in 2022. The picture shows a character holding a Frenzy running past other agents, seemingly hinting at a speed-based ability. The character’s name or class has not been revealed, but this improved speed might hint at another duelist joining the game. Riot Games has not officially announced the new agent and it’s unclear if this was an unintentional leak by Amazon. But fans can enjoy the last day of 2021 with a first look at the next agent coming to VALORANT.', 
    '2021-12-31 13:18:00', 
    'FH9KQSOVUAIXVbN-1024x576.jpeg', 
    7, 
    'Davide Milan');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
    'Everything that happened in Apex Legends’ lore in 2021', 
    'From Fuse to Ash and everything in between.', 
    'This year was closer to a decade in the lore of Apex Legends. Fans got to see an avalanche of storylines with new and old legends alike—and that’s even before taking into account the 208-page lore book Respawn Entertainment released in February. A lot happened in Apex even outside of Pathfinder’s Quest. Respawn gave fans four new challengers, a new map, and stronger links to Titanfall than ever with the arrivals of Valkyrie and Ash. The season nine quest, The Legacy Antigen, had two parallel storylines—both essential to setting up key developments for some of the legends and for the big-picture lore. It’s easy to feel lost with so many arcs and narratives happening throughout the year. Here’s a rundown of the major story events that took place in Apex in 2021. Season eight: Fuse, Armageddon, and a lot of arm puns. Our first legend of 2021 came in with a blast. Walter “Fuse” Fitzroy, Apex‘s Explosives Enthusiast, joined the Apex Games in season eight hailing from the planet Salvo. His planet had been fighting off the Syndicate’s advances for decades, but this resistance created a fickle balance of power with several warlords gunning for the crown. Despite Salvo’s refusal to join the Syndicate when the Outlands Civil War ended in 2722, the planet backtracked and signed the Treaty with the Syndicate over a decade later. Salvo joining Syndicate space made Fuse, the Bonecage Champion, eligible to compete in the Apex Games. Of course, this brought the anger of diehard Syndicate opponent and Fuse’s childhood friend, Margaret “Mad Maggie” Kōhere. Fuse’s arrival came in with a storyline of his own. For the season eight quest, Armageddon, the legends took on Mad Maggie after she attacked Kings Canyon. This insular storyline ended with Maggie’s perceived death. Maggie attacked Fuse and the explosion sent them both flying. They held onto a ledge, but she let go and dropped to her presumed demise. Armageddon didn’t have a tremendous impact on the rest of the story, at least for now, but it set up important development for Fuse. In addition to the quest, Respawn published two important pieces of information on Twitter. The first was the two-part comic involving Caustic and Wattson, which related to the scientist’s plans to gas Solace and how Wattson defused his attempt. The other relates to Wraith and Bangalore and kicks off an important arc that would reappear in the following season, The Legacy Antigen. We’ve covered those in more detail in our season eight lore recap. Pathfinder’s Quest and “The Truth”. Pathfinder’s Quest was arguably the most significant part of Apex lore in 2021. The 208-page book gives out several details about the Outlands, the Syndicate, and the Frontier War, and helps shed some light on what happened to the universe—and the legends—in the 18 years between the end of the Frontier War and Apex. The book also revealed the answers to a handful of mysteries in one go, including the identity of Pathfinder’s creator—or rather, creators. Pathfinder was created by The Group, a cluster of scientists tasked with solving the Outlands’ energy crisis in the late 2650s. It was the same energy crisis Horizon identified years prior and The Group was looking for a way to refine Branthium, as discovered by Horizon. The ending of Pathfinder’s Quest was turned into an official short called “The Truth,” made by GoldenLane Studios. It recounts the most important moments: How Dr. Reid turned on The Group, how Pathfinder’s creators saved the Outlands by rerouting the Branthium, and their grim fates. For those who didn’t read Pathfinder’s Quest, this short is essential to understanding the storyline between Horizon, Dr. Reid, and Ash. Season nine: Valkyrie, Blisk, and Legacy. Apex’s ninth season is a blast from the past. Titanfall 2 players are familiar with the horrifying noise of Viper’s Flight Core during the boss fight. Now, they can meet his daughter—and the skies belong to her. Valkyrie made a Titan-sized impression when she landed in the Apex Games in season nine. She blamed Kuben Blisk, the former leader of the Apex Predators and current Apex Games commissioner, for her father’s death. Blisk gave her a chance to start anew and away from the shadow of her father: a card to the Apex Games. This brought Valkyrie into the fray, but it was part of The Legacy Antigen, Apex’s longest quest so far. This two-part quest set up tremendously important arcs for several characters. We’ve covered it in detail in our dedicated Legacy Antigen recap. Season 10: The emergence of Seer. If Valkyrie brought strong ties to Titanfall, her successor came out of nowhere—but that doesn’t mean he didn’t steal fans’ hearts. Seer, the Ambush Artist from Boreas, made his way to the Apex Games from the Arenas and the build-up to his release was as unique as him. Instead of outright announcing the new legend, Respawn teased Seer with a folk tale called The Moth and the Flame, which told of a curse. This story turned out to be part of Boreas folklore and helped explain why Seer’s community believed he was cursed. The night he was born, an asteroid shattered the planet’s moon and they took it as an ill omen. Seer is about rising past that perceived curse. In a season 10 loading screen, he said flaws or curses are what make people strong and unique, as long as they define that curse themselves and don’t let others define it for them. The artist is the embodiment of that principle, taking ownership of this curse and turning it into part of his persona. “The boy born under a bad omen and a terrible myth has taken this tale and created an even greater legend. He is Seer— an icon of the shunned, the unaccepted, and the unabashedly original,” his bio says. Bloodhound’s Chronicle. Though season 10 was mostly light on lore, fans also had a “bite-sized” chronicle starring Bloodhound. The Technological Tracker confronted their guilt over several of their shortcomings—and eventually overcame it. This in-game story event had players follow the White Raven, a manifestation of Bloodhound’s guilt. The animal taunted Bloodhound over their failures, and in the epilogue, it points out several moments where the legend perceives their failure. “You are no Blódhundr,” the White Raven says. “You are a failure. You failed your móðir and faðir. You failed Boone. You failed your people. You failed your home.” Bloodhound, however, realizes those shortcomings weren’t necessarily their fault. “My parents, Boone… to taka responsibility for all is to taka the power of the gods,” Bloodhound says. “I am no god. And I am not nothing. I am Blódhundr.” The Chronicle ended with Bloodhound rising past the darkness of their perceived failures, coming out owning the title of Blódhundr—and presumably forgiving themself and shedding the lion’s share of guilt from those situations. Bangalore teasers. By the end of season 10, fans were excited about what new stories could be brewing on the horizon—and Respawn was happy to give them a taste. A series of Bangalore teasers at the tail end of Emergence showed the crash site of the IMS Hestia, the ship in which Bangalore and her brother Jackson were stationed for years after the battle of Gridiron. Though everyone believed Jackson was dead, Bangalore knew he’s alive and she’s trying her hardest to find him. The teasers pointed to somewhere called Storm Point, in Gaea. Though it gave fans a glimpse of a new arena in the next season, the weeks that followed brought far more than just a new venue for the Apex Games. Horizon wakes up a simulacrum. A series of Twitter comics signaled the build-up to Ash’s arrival as a contestant in the Apex Games. Horizon was still looking for answers for the whereabouts of her son and she believed Ash could know about that. To Horizon, Ash was the simulacrum version of her old friend, Lilian Peck, the founder of Olympus. She couldn’t have been more wrong. After the season five quest, when the legends assembled Ash, Hammond Robotics took the Olympus access codes out of Ash’s memory banks. Horizon believed the only person who could know those was Lilian, and therefore, Ash would have to be Lilian Peck. Horizon set off to figure out how to “wake up” Ash and break the illusion she was a simulacrum, so she runs to the only being with that experience: Revenant. The immortal murder robot lets it slip that newer simulacra have special codes that will trigger the process and Crypto provides her with the necessary codes. Horizon goes to read the access codes to Ash, but Revenant sneaked behind her and tried to keep Ash from seeing a similar fate as him. Horizon manages to read the sequence and successfully “wakes up” Ash. But she’s not who Horizon thought she was. This moment set off the storyline for the next season, including Ashes to Ashes, Ash’s episode of Stories from the Outlands. Season 11: Escape, Ash, and Storm Point. Ash has had one of the longest build-ups to her release in Apex history so far—and that’s even if you don’t count the two and a half years (and roughly two in-universe decades) between Titanfall 2 and Apex. Ash appeared as the artifact the legends assembled in The Broken Ghost and has been a part of the lore ever since. Ash’s arrival also touches on Horizon’s long-running story arc after Respawn revealed what fans had suspected for nearly a year: that Ash was in fact Dr. Reid, Horizon’s assistant who left her stranded in space. As Dr. Ashleigh Reid’s body was dying after the events of Pathfinder’s Quest in 2658, Hammond Robotics personnel saved her by turning her into a simulacrum. The trauma from the experience—both the imminent death and the simulacrum process—split her into two different personalities, Ash and Leigh. Ash takes control most of the time and is the cutthroat mercenary fans saw in Titanfall 2. Leigh is dormant, though she appears in specific moments and in some in-game quips.
    Leigh knows what happened to Horizon’s son, Newton. Reid seemed to be one of the few people to know he left the lab before the explosion, but he was presumed dead. Leigh wants to tell Horizon what she knows. Ash won’t let her. This dilemma kicked off a significant part of the story this season and is running through the seasonal quest, Trouble in Paradise. That’s the brunt of the lore so far, but that’s not all. Escape also introduced fans to the tropical paradise of Storm Point in Gaea, a paradisiac and derelict island. The former IMC base was abandoned when the Corporation pulled out of the Outlands and also by the people of Gaea—until the Syndicate found it, that is. Storm Point still houses several secrets that will likely surface next year. The remains of Bangalore and Jackson’s ship, the IMS Hestia, are a Storm Point POI called Shipfall and it could eventually serve as another plot point for that story arc. Additionally, Wattson, Crypto, and Wraith are looking to rebuild a computer, according to the Paquette Repair Service loading screen. The season 11 quest, Trouble In Paradise, promises to set up major developments for Ash, Leigh, Horizon, and Apex’s big-picture lore. And that’s even before taking into account the four new legends (and possibly a new map) that will release throughout the year. With so many loose ends and still a fair share of the season quest to go, Apex lore shows great promise in 2022—as seen by brilliant storytelling throughout this year.', 
    '2021-12-29 14:54:00', 
    'ash-2-1024x539.webp', 
    20, 
    'Davide Milan');
INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) VALUES ('WHAT IS THE FORTNITE PLAYER COUNT IN 2021?', 'Fortnite has been a huge success since launching, attracting record player numbers and bringing in a lot of revenue for Epic games. Just how many players are actually behind this wild success though?', 'At certain times since release, Fortnite has had a pretty impressive player base. A lot of people wonder about the exact size of the Fortnite player count. It seems like the game is incredibly popular, although there’s often a feeling that it is past its peak. \nMost game developers rarely release this kind of information. There is an exception to this though, every now again Epic release some very specific data on the Fortnite player base. This is typically when the player base or active players reaches some kind of all-time high. We can figure out a bit of a bigger picture of the player count from this data and some other sources. While it is sometimes decreasing, the Fortnite player count in 2021 is still impressive.\n HOW MANY PEOPLE PLAY FORTNITE?\nEpic Games doesn’t give entirely frequent or accurate pictures of how many people play Fortnite. We do have some metrics and measurements though for how many active players Fortnite has.\nThe first is the total amount of active accounts. We know that Fortnite had over 125 million players within a year of its release.  It also seems that the total number of registered numbers is up to 350 million registered users. That is around 4% of the world’s population. Something about that fact probably doesn’t seem right though, does it? That’s because registered users are a pretty bad measure of the Fortnite player count.\nThe total registered users is just the total number of accounts created. This is by no means one per person. Lots of people have access to more than one Fortnite account, created accidentally or sometimes on purpose. On top of, if you’re wondering is Fortnite loosing players then this is a factor too. Registered accounts aren’t necessarily in use.\nEven among big figures in Fortnite like the best Fortnite streamers or the top Fortnite pro players, have operated quite a few accounts under their own name. It might be against the rules, but that rule-breaking can be pretty brazenly flouted. Some players even start up a new account frequently to have a quick match with a lobby full of bots to practice. So registered users aren’t a particularly helpful measure of how many people are actually playing.\nIn terms of how many are actually active and playing, there were 12.5 million playing concurrently in 2019. Fortnite’s best ever month for player count was in 2018, when 78 million were actively playing in August. Additionally, back in December 2020, over 15.3 million players united to beat Galactus in a single-day event.', '2021-05-14 00:00:00', 'fortnite-player-count-number-of-players.jpg', 10, 'Rick Yesta');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) VALUES ('BEST SNIPERS IN WARZONE – THE FIVE BEST SNIPERS FOR YOUR WARZONE LOUDOUTS', 'Here is our take on the best snipers in Warzone, where we break down what’s the best sniper in warzone for the average COD operator.', 'The best snipers in Warzone may often be an elaborate topic for all you Call of Duty (COD) fans out there. After all, it’s more than just crowning the highest damage weapons as the best snipers on warzone. Various factors can come into play, such as effective range, scope control and even bullet velocity, per se.\nAX-50 – THE BIG DADDY\nAs its nickname suggests, the AX-50 lives up to its name as a deadly sniper rifle in the right hands. A headshot from this bad boy can guarantee a confirmed kill, putting the enemy forces at a massive disadvantage.\nCoupled with its decent mobility, it’s not as punishing as the other options on the list for the high damage output. Ideally, you would want to be using the AX-50 at mid-range clashes, where it’s most effective. Although it does suffer from inaccurate aim down sights, this can be conveniently improved with attachments such as a Stippled Grip Tape, Tac Laser, and Singuard Arms Assassin.\nThe sniper role may often be synonymous with camping solo, but the AX-50 is built for more aggressive scenarios. Another reliable yet neglected alternative to mid-range combat is the SPR-208, which only a handful of seasoned players consider a deadlier Warzone sniper rifle.\nHDR – THE CLASSIC AWP\nFor the traditional sniper players, the HDR brings the nostalgic feel of what sniper rifles should deliver. A devastating shot at a very long distance is achievable with the HDR since it has one of the most extended ranges.\nWhile longer range leads to poor damage drop-off, the Monolithic Suppressor and 26.9” HDR Pro barrel attachments provide desirable countermeasures. Furthermore, using the higher-calibre FMJ bullets will provide improved bullet penetration, leaving no safe spots for enemies.\nYet, all these perks come at only the cost of mobility, so some map awareness will come in handy. Knowing when the enemy is approaching close and navigating a new viewpoint will be critical for sneaky long-ranged shooters.\nKAR98K – IF SNIPERS WERE MELEE WEAPONS\nPerhaps standing still during the entire match isn’t your cup of tea, and you had rather be bumping into foes at every corner. Then, the KAR98K is your go-to for its quick scoping tactics.\nThe KAR98K recently received buffs, where it can effectively deliver confirmed headshot kills. This makes it quite literally a pocket sniper rifle, which you can use aggressively. Considering its close-range benefits, KAR98K’s damage drop-off is not negligible, so the Monolithic Suppressor will offer some decent range.\nNonetheless, it’s still a sniper rifle that relies on one’s good aim, which is to consistently blow the enemy’s head. Aiming anywhere else, protected by armor, will not only result in an unfatal shot but provide enemies some breathing room to flunk you out.\nZRG 20MM – THE SNIPER MINIGUN\nThere’s definitely no denying that the vast majority of COD player base loves close-range combat. Hence, another good close-range alternative is the ZRG 20MM, notably for featuring the highest bullet velocity.\nAlongside its minimal bullet drop, we have ourselves a trendy pick among veteran COD players and newcomers alike. After all, bullet drop mechanics is presumably complicated to master and requires longer scoping periods.\nIf COD Warzone had taught us anything, it’s to rush into enemy frontlines without hesitation, so we highly recommend the ZRG 20MM for starters.\nPELINGTON 703 – YET ANOTHER ‘MELEE’ SNIPER\nLastly, the Pelington 703 serves as a solid alternative to the KAR98K for aggressive adversaries. It utilizes fast scoping, which with some practice, can work like clockwork at consistently sending out shots.\nAs aforementioned, you should play around corners and close combat so that you get the perks from using the Pelington 703 for such scenarios. Now that we depicted the Pelington 703 as a quick loading rifle, the best attachments would be the 27.2” Combat Recon and Infiltrator Grip, which improves bullet speed and overall movement speed, making you a speed demon in the match.\nWe briefed about the best sniper Warzone has to offer, it’s time to put them to the test. Do note that while these may be popular picks among COD players, there are still a vast array of weapons. So really, whatever secures you the most headshots would be your best snipers in Warzone to pick up.', '2021-07-27 00:00:00', 'Warzone-Sniper,jpg', 15, 'Rick Yesta');

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
	'HUYA DOTA2 INVITATIONAL 2021 FINALS PREDICTION AND MATCH ANALYSIS', 
	'It’s been an incredible showing of Dota 2 talents at the Huya Dota2 Invitational. However, with one last day to go, 
	things are looking blurry about which candidate will win.', 
	'Southeast Asia representative, OB.Neon surprised everybody with unexpected victories over the Chinese rivals. Notably, 
	they defeated team Royal Never Give Up and the famed Invictus Gaming to secure their position as grand finalists. \n
	On the contrary, OB.Neon is at the brim of elimination in the Dota Pro Circuit 2021-22 (DPC2021-22) SEA region. Hence, we 
	were reasonably baffled by OB.Neon’s unexpectedly great run at the Huya Dota2 Invitational 2021.\n 
	INVICTUS GAMING VS ROYAL NEVER GIVE UP (LOWER BRACKET FINAL)\n
	With OB.Neon’s newfound victory over IG, the fans are divided even further on which Chinese powerhouse to side. On one hand, 
	IG is the Singapore Major champ and maintained a dominating form even in the International 10 (TI10). There’s no denying that 
	IG is arguably the most synchronized team in the market, as they have great team morale.\n
	Whereas RNG rose to our expectations as a hot candidate to debut at the DPC2021-22. Housing several former PSG.LGD players and 
	other high-profile players, RNG’s current line-up looked significantly better than the trainwreck, Team Elephant. On paper, 
	both teams are formidable, so their match odds of approximately x1.85 odds reflects that.\n
	MATCH PICKS, BANS & STRATEGIES\n
	While the general odds are relatively even, there are exotic betting markets that may look enticing. Before that, let’s talk 
	drafts and strategies.\n
	IG heavily relies on big team fight combos, which is an understatement since IG excels in initiations into clean teamwipes. 
	Their midlaner, Zhou “Emo” Yi is essentially IG’s sole playmaker, alongside both supports providing counter initiations and 
	saving mechanisms. We will certainly see Void Spirit or Ember Spirit picks for Emo, but that’s assuming their opponent isn’t 
	already opting for heavy lockdowns.\n
	We saw OB.Neon effectively forced Emo to play outside his typical hero pool. This compromise was arguably what led to IG’s 
	downfall during the earlier upper bracket final. Hence, expect multiple long-range saving supports, such as Weaver and Abaddon.\n
	Meanwhile, RNG opts for aggressive playstyles that often snowball well into the midgame. It’s a standard playstyle, that would 
	work most of the time if their opponent wasn’t an elusive player. Against IG however, team RNG will most certainly need to 
	re-evaluate their plans. Nevertheless, expect Lu “Somnus丶M” Yao to play his signature picks, mostly aggressive carries, 
	such as Bloodseeker, Leshrac, or Broodmother if he’s feeling adventurous.\n
	These heroes will force IG’s reaction as it would be impossible to ignore Somnus asserting dominance over the enemy territory.\n
	MATCH PREDICTIONS AND ODDS\n
	Reviewing their playstyles, it’s evident that these teams love their teamfights, which of course means massacre. Albeit we will have 
	to side RNG on this match even though IG is the more seasoned team.\n
	The death counter can increase drastically as the game progresses due to IG’s aggression. Total kills can reach well over 55.5 
	kills, which gives a decent x3.12 return. Another consideration is the match duration, which seems to average at over 40.5 
	minutes, rewarding x3.32 returns.\n
	Special markets, such as “First Blood, Destroy First Tower, Kill First Courier and Win Map” can be a fun bet since it returns 
	x7.00 winnings. RNG is a good candidate for this particular bet since their aggressive draft calls for easy first blood, 
	quicker pushing capabilities, and win the map. There’s no doubt that it’s indeed a difficult task, but considering its multi-fold 
	returns, it’s worth the leap of faith.\n
	Consider the “First Blood and Win Map” market in favor of RNG too. At a decent x3.06 return, it’s an easier alternative to the 
	previous market and has a higher chance of occurrence. These odds make for a great betting slip together and are exclusively 
	available on GG.bet.\n
	OB.NEON VS ROYAL NEVER GIVE UP – GRAND FINAL (UPDATED)\n
	OB.Neon could pull off a win at the Huya Dota2 Invitational 2021, if they best RNG in their drawn out games. While OB.Neon have 
	proven their strength by taking down both RNG and IG before, it still easy to win a best of series versus any Chinese team.\n
	The grand final is an excruciating best-of-five series, so there’s certainly less room for mere flukes. Expect more then 4 games 
	for sure in these series, and average game times longer then 30 minutes.', 
	'2021-12-31 23:59:59', 
	'dota-huya-invitational.jpg', 
	8, 
	'Mattia Quasinato'
);

INSERT INTO Article (title, subtitle, text, publication_date, cover_img, read_time, author) 
VALUES (
	'CSGO MOVES & RUMORS BEFORE THE NEW YEAR – MAJOR ROSTER SHUFFLES COMING', 
	'Ahhh, the post-CSGO Major roster shuffle. What a time. Those who failed to achieve victory are questioning themselves and if 
	their team is capable of greatness. Some choose to maintain their course with the players they have now, some choose to make 
	changes. This year, there were a lot of confirmed changes amongst top teams.', 
	'There are many still rumored yet to be confirmed. Amongst the most interesting rosters that are changing is Team Liquid. The 
	once powerhouse North American team has fallen to new lows with their current roster. A massive shuffle is needed and that’s 
	exactly what they are doing.\n
	THE CONFIRMED\n
	Liquid has confirmed a few big changes so far. They have officially announced the removal of FalleN, Stewie2K and Grim from 
	their starting lineups. Two of the three rumored signings have proven to be true. oSee, who got his big break on HenryG’s 
	Cloud9 roster, has now signed with TL. oSee has been showing good numbers in tier 2 playing on Extra salt, and has impressed 
	his peers in online ladder play. He will fill the role of AWPer, which TL has had a hard time filling with this past roster 
	with players passing the role back and forth.\n
	The other big Liquid signing is shox. Though he has performed on an average level the last little while, he could be a good fit 
	for a support role à-la xyp9x, with his icy veins under pressure in the clutch. He is still one of the best players in the world 
	on LAN in 1vX situations. Since he is 29, he has been in every situation imaginable and has the tendency to make great plays. If 
	this is his last run on a tier 1 team, this is a good role for him to have. He may no longer have what it takes to be a star 
	player, but he has the knowledge and experience to contribute. This is the natural progression of a star CSGO player.\n
	Over in Europe, Torbjørn “mithR” Nyborg departed MOUZ for a coaching gig at Apeks. Unicorns of Love, sAw and Into 
	the Breach all released their rosters, with everyone seeking to re-build at the start of the year.\n
	THE SPECULATION\n
	Recently, 100 Thieves announced that they would be transferring nitr0 to an unknown team. After more than a year out of the game, 
	he will be likely returning to CSGO and potentially TL? EliGE continues to speak highly of him, saying he wants Nitro as his IGL. 
	Nitro was on Team Liquid during their peak when they won the Grand Slam back in 2019. TL would have been the best team in the 
	world if it hadn’t been for the greatest team of all time, Astralis. I’m sure somewhere in the back of his mind Nitro thinks he 
	can get the team back to the heights at which they once were.\n
	Meanwhile, MOUZ is looking at OG’s Valdemar Bjørn Vangså for their roster into the upcoming season. Astralis is rumored to be 
	looking at Heroic talent for their roster revamp. Plenty of teams are holding the cards close to their chest, and more “leaks” 
	should arrive in the second week of January.\n
	Until then, happy new year and brace for a hectic CSGO offseason.', 
	'2021-12-21 12:22:21', 
	'csgo-valde.jpg', 
	5, 
	'Mattia Quasinato'
);
